[Music]
they say the eyes are the window to the
soul but your handwriting just might be
- it's clear to me get it windows clear
I never mind there's even a whole
science that studies it graphology
graphologist determine different
personality traits just by looking at
the small details of someone's
handwriting want to find out yours I'll
help you with that okay take a piece of
paper and scribble any sentence on it
put down your signature - you'll find
out why you need it in just a bit now
take a close look at the letters and
answer these questions one how big are
they
to give you an idea average sized
writing is from two-and-a-half to
three-and-a-half millimeters this size
is common for people who have great
adjusting skills these people are
balanced and have healthy self-esteem if
your letters are on the big side it
means you're pretty outgoing you love
being around people and being the center
of attention making friends with anyone
isn't a problem either however big
letters can also mean that your social
confidence is just a mask small letters
show that you're shy when it comes to
interacting with people also you find it
easy to focus on important things and
pay a lot of attention to details the
circle of your friends is limited
because communicating with people takes
up a lot of your energy to do they slant
if your letters tend to slant to the
right you're deeply attached to your
family and friends you like meeting new
people and experiencing new stuff but
you can get carried away sometimes and
act impulsively left slanted writing
says that you're rather reserved and
don't express your emotions much you
like spending time on your own and
getting lost in deep thoughts also you
prefer to work with things not people
straight letters mean that your actions
and decisions are ruled by logic not
emotions your practical and always plan
everything doing something on a whim
isn't your thing 3 how much space is
there between your words noticeably wide
spacing between words indicates that you
fer to keep your distance from people
you struggle to make contact with even
your closest friends privacy is
something you value the most and that's
why you're extremely cautious narrow
word spacing shows that a person wants
emotional closeness with others but
quite often this desire leads to
forgetting that people have their own
boundaries and need time alone from you
you love hugs
and other expressions of attachment for
are the letters in one word cramped or
not if they are then the person feels
uncomfortable with oneself and has many
insecurities they're rather tense and
have difficulty approaching people and
asking for help if the spacing between
letters is average then your friendly
and outgoing by nature and can make
friends with almost anyone chances don't
scare you because it's easy for you to
adjust to new circumstances letters that
are far away from each other
reflect an easygoing personality you
feel comfortable with both others and
with yourself sharing your ideas and
emotions with people is important for
you but you can have problems with self
discipline five are the letters in one
word connected if you connect letters
while writing then you have good logical
skills when you start doing something
you don't like to be interrupted because
you get fully immersed in the task at
hand you have a very active life and
prefer staying busy disconnected letters
reveal a defensive nature but you have a
good intuition which helps you avoid
unpleasant situations one of your
strongest points is imagination you can
come up with interesting new ideas six
how much pen pressure do you apply light
pressure shows that you're very
sensitive and empathetic you know how to
support others in difficult situations
however you might feel a lack of energy
writing with heavy pressure is typical
for people who are committed to close
people and activities they take things
seriously which sometimes causes them to
be uptight 7 cursive or print letters if
you prefer using print letters than
others most likely see you as a really
confident person but you're afraid of
the world and put up a barrier to feel
safe it takes a long time before you put
your guard down and let someone know the
real you writing and cursive can
indicate that a person loves doing
everything perfect and following rules
but they spend so much energy on it that
it often ends up in frustration and
self-loathing also they like being in
control and often suppress their
impulsiveness choosing a combination of
cursive and print means that you don't
have problems with being flexible when
it comes to communication and life
circumstances you value your time and
don't like to waste it however if print
letters prevail you might have issues
with building deep relationships eight
what's the shape of your letters pointed
letters can be a sign that the person is
smart and curious but they often
suppress aggression and other intense
emotions way too often rounded letters
are common for creative people and
kind-hearted people they have a vivid
imagination and impress others with
their artistic abilities 9 what does
your o look like if you write it with a
neat close circle then you tend to keep
most of your thoughts and emotions to
yourself what's more others like to
share their secrets with you since they
know you're discreet if the circle in
this letter is broken then it indicates
that communication is something you're
good at but sometimes you can over share
information with others 10 how do you
write E if you write it with an arrow
loop it implies that you have a
skeptical attitude towards people and
ideas when others express strong
emotions in your presence you don't get
fazed and stay calm a wide loop suggests
you're open-minded
there's nothing more interesting for you
than trying new experiences and
exploring unknown concepts 11 how do you
crush your team if you use a long cross
then you're known for your enthusiasm
and determination but at times you can
be way too stubborn short crosses
signify that you tend to be lazy and
postpone doing something to the very lab
minute if the cross is at the very top
you have high ambitions and plans you
love and accept yourself just the way
you are
if you cross the letter in the middle
you're optimistic and confident but
sometimes you're left wanting more from
life 12 what does your signature hide if
your signature is legible and sharp
you're a strong person and don't like to
pretend if your signature is illegible
you value privacy and you're hard to
read and understand as you can see now
understanding the secrets of handwriting
isn't that hard and it can provide a lot
of interesting information but the way
you write reveals not only your
character it can tell something about
your health as well for example if your
writing is excessively forceful it might
be a sign of high blood pressure tiny
cramped letters with a varying slant
that are hard to read might indicate
some psychological or brain problems by
the way criminal investigators often
work with graphologist and here's how
they figure out if someone tells a lie
there are drastic changes in their
handwriting style throughout of text
okay here's a question how often do you
write with a pen let me know down in the
comments in our digital era people use
old-school paper and pen less and less
typing on a laptop or a digital notepad
seems like a convenient time-saver
but there are some perks of writing by
hand that none of these devices can give
you now taking notes with a pen helps
you store the information much longer
typing on a laptop makes you process the
information more superficially and
that's why you forget it easily but
actual writing stimulates you to
actively summarize and analyze the
things you want to remember because of
it you need less time to recall them
later secondly using a pen more often is
a great way to keep your brain sharp a
study by psychologist Karen James of
Indiana University suggests that only
writing activates special regions in
your brain typing just doesn't work the
same way
so the more you activate those regions
by writing the longer your cognitive
abilities will stay strong
bottom line writing the right way for
writers is alright right hey if you
shared something new today then give the
video a like and shared with a friend
and here are some other cool videos I
think you'll enjoy just click to the
left or right and remember stay on the
bright side of life
[Music]